OK, if you have no comments
Then please come to inspect the goods.
I can still trust Liu Shao's reputation
I'm in a hurry.
Let's get started
We're okay with that.
Go play
Here we go.
Base price 8 million 10 million I will offer 11 million 15 million
20 million
Looks like I'm out of touch with this painting
Only brought 20 million 22 million today
30 million
I give up and ask if you have no money.
I can lend you 20 million.
No, I only brought 22 million
OK, so this lady supported this painting.
But I have an unkind request, Mr. Liu, just stop.
By my side
This Miss Song admires Mr. Yunmo very much
I don't know if I can give it to you before
Let this lady announce it first
Naturally you can.
The show is about to begin
Why are you
My words